Update outdated https://en.pingcap.com/ links (#18096) (#18119)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-build-cluster-in-cloud.md

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> This document walks you through the quickest way to get started with TiDB. You will use [TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-intro.md) to create a TiDB Serverless cluster, connect to it, and run a sample application on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document walks you through the quickest way to get started with TiDB. You will create a TiDB Serverless cluster, connect to it, and run a sample application on it.
```

> This document walks you through the quickest way to get started with TiDB. You will use [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud) to create a TiDB Serverless cluster, connect to it, and run a sample application on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document walks you through the quickest way to get started with TiDB. You will use [TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-intro.md) to create a TiDB Serverless cluster, connect to it, and run a sample application on it.
```
